# Chapter One
"No nightmares, right?" 
The disheveled, rough man with the gaunt face said before leaning back against the wall with a bottle of rum.
The equally thin teenager shook his head, a dark floof of hair over his eyes.
"Good", the disheveled man smiled with soot-filled teeth. "And work's still good?"
The thin teenager paused. Then an uncaring shrug.
"I hid another musket underneath that loose plank against the wall with that painting over it. It's gonna get busier this time of year. Now there's a way for you to defend yourself safely no matter where in the store you are," the man said in his usual scratchy rasp.
"I-I really don't think it's gonna get that much busier. Mister G hardly has any customers. Just some old guys. And, I don't even know if they're customers... they don't seem to buy anything," the boy replied with a voice like what a kitten would have if they could talk.
The man scratched his chin. "Hm. It must get busier in this season. How else does he make his money?"
The teenager shrugged again.
"Maybe he's the one we need to look out for. Damn it. I hate I have to leave you alone here, Damin," the man scrunched his lips. "Is there any way we can get into those private rooms of his?"
"Maybe we shouldn't. I mean we've been here a month, and his price is fair. He probably wouldn't like us snooping around. After all we've--" Damin replied.
"I know, I know," the man said. "It's just-- if he does anything-- anything weird at all--"
"I'll tell you, Billy," Damin said nonchalantly.
Billy sighed as he looked around the completely wooden room, lit only by a dim candle light. Damin kept staring at Billy with his hands lazily crossed in between his legs.
"I've decided," Billy paced around the room, clinking the bottom of the bottle with his fingers and the teenagers' eyes followed him. "I'm gonna take the duel."
For the first time, Damin sprung awake. "No no no no. Why would you do that? We're finally safe again!"
"I know. But I also know I can win. And it's a lot of money."
"You don't care about money. If you cared about money, we would've found another circus, or joined a gang. You care about us being safe. About us staying alive!" Damin looked up to Billy.
"It's enough for *that*," Billy said.
"Billy," Damin sighed, burying his face in his ragged leather shirt. "That's a pipe dream. It's in *two months.* And we've got nothing."
Billy pointed at Damin. "Exactly! We've been *fucked* every time, and finally something just lands in front of us. It's *exactly* enough money for food, supplies, and two trips for two people. I asked Benjy. And I can *win*."
"How do you know that?" Damin shook his head. "And how do you even know Parsmo'll pick you?"
"Cause I'm a Herald? And the best shot in the city, by far?" Billy raised his hands, like it was a truism.
"Parsmo doesn't know that. Parsmo didn't see you at the circus," Damin retorted.
"Parsmo's shrewd. He'll have tryouts, and I'll win," Billy said.
"Callaghan's more shrewd," Damin said. "How do you know you're not going up against the best Subject Herald in the state?"
Billy bit his lip. "I'll dodge if it looks like he drew first."
"And what if you screw up?" Damin challenged Billy with his quiet voice.
"I-I'll negotiate with Parsmo to pay a doctor if I get injured, whether I lose or win. And guarantee payment--"
"Yeah right. He'll take someone else. And even if he doesn't, so what? I'll have enough money to bury my brother?" Damin's eyes watered.
Billy looked down, crushed. "I just want to see him. I said five... and now it's ten..." Billy's hands shook in rage.
"I know," Damin leaned forward.
"FUCK!" Billy spinned around smashed the bottle of whiskey against the floor. Damin jumped back onto the bed and shielded his eyes. 
"Sorry", Billy sighed. "Sorry Damin. Get some sleep. I'll clean it up."
Damin tucked into bed. Billy got on his knees and picked up the shards of glass one by one.


Light peered in through the window. Damin rubbed his eyes with a yawn. He turned at the glurgle of drinking, and his eyes widened as he saw Billy on the floor, with a new bottle of whiskey in his hand, chugging.
"Billy? Shouldn't you be at work?" A pile of shards lay next to the man.
"I'm not going in this week. That's probably two weeks of pay off, but whatever. Not like there's anything to save for anyway."
"Billy", Damin shook his head and got out of bed. "What if they let you go?"
"They won't," Billy took a large gulp.
Damin sighed. "Well it's too late now anyway, the state you're in." Damian got out of bed.
"This is... this isn't gonna keep happening, right?" The boy's voice was shaky.
Billy just shrugged.
Damin sighed. He moved to leave the room, but stopped in his tracks as his hand met the plank wood door.
"Tell you what, Billy." Damin crouched down and lowered his voice to a whisper. "If you stop drinking. Sober up, and go back to work tomorrow, and for the rest of the week-- I'll try to find a way to snoop around upstairs. See if Mr G has any money, or anything valuable we could sell."
"Shrewd thinking, Damin. But like you said, it's a *pipe dream*", Billy took another chug.
"Just stop, Billy. Put down the bottle, and think with your head-- please."
Billy took pause. "Well, you said there's little customers, but the guy seems oddly relaxed. And I don't see him going off to any farm, but he manages to keep us fed. And there's no way he can sustain this just from my rent alone. This guy's definitely got some nest egg somewhere-- and probably something pretty decent."
Damin looked down, his eyes pained, but he nodded. "See. So it's a deal."
Billy glanced at the bottle, then set it down. He threw the cap back on.
Damin gave a tense smile and pushed the door open.
Billy raised an arm. "Wait." He motioned for Damin to close the door again, and Damin turned back to Billy.
"Let me sober up a little. If anything happens, it's you and me against him." 
Damin looked down at his feet, then sighed. 
"Okay, Billy." 


*Knock, knock.*
Damin waited at the worn but sturdy wooden door. He paused for a few seconds. A low, constant whir came from behind. Damin turned his ear in.
He knocked again, more aggressively this time.
The whirring stopped. Then footsteps approached.
Several clicks came from a large bronze contraption entrenched in the door -- an unfamiliar lock mechanism to Damian. The door creaked open and a short sharp strand of white hair, like the tail of a dog, peeked through before it opened up to the beard of a short, elderly man, who smiled, eye-to-eye with the teenage Damin.
"Hello Damin, customer need me?"
"O-oh no, Mister G," Damin gave a fake smile back. "I've worked here a month... and I'm just curious what you-- what you do in there all day? I don't mean to--"
Mister G gave a hearty laugh.
"Oh Damin, I'd thought you'd never ask. The last fellow was just content to do nothing all day. But you're a boy! And boys are still curious," Mister G widened the gap between the door just enough that Damin could squeeze through, but when he peered behind he saw the man was surrounded by hanging curtains, blocking the view of the room behind.
"And I'd like to think that I never stopped being a boy, in that way. And... after all this time... ALL this time... I'd like to know maybe I helped another boy never stopping being a boy... in that way."
Damin scrunched back a bit.
"But-- if there's too many boys like us... things get a little bit mad. So, you have to promise that you won't whisper to any of your friends?"
"I--", Damian looked down. "I don't really have any friends."
"Oh," Mister G's playful smile dissappeared into a small-lipped flat. "Well then, I guess that solves that."
His smile returned. "Well come on, then!"
Mister G ushered Damin inside. With a heave he shut the door, Damin could see that it was extremely thick, and only the outer panels were made of wood, the inside being made of some hardy steel and bronze. Mister G pulled a lever, and inside the door the same clicking commenced, locking it.
"I've never seen a lock like that--" Damian started.
Mister G laughed, then simply raised the curtain, Damin ducked under to sound of clicking and whirring--
Damin's jaw dropped.
Every square inch of the room-- even the ceiling-- was covered by something that belonged in the museum-- something totally foreign to Damin's eyes. He quickly scanned, locked in on something, then scanned again. 
"W-wow... I--"
A long bench lined each wall, filled with little contraptions, loose mechanical parts, jars containing strange plants floating in water. At the end of one was a large glass tank, filled with several illustrous fish and sea life. Damin had never seen anything like them in his life. He took a step forward--
"Oh, sorry my boy," Mister G said. "Would you mind taking off your shoes?"
Damin looked down at his feet-- the floor was one giant papyrus, covered with strange drawings, blueprints, and calculations. He slipped off his sandals, and then glanced around the room-- their were blueprints, and large landscape paintings, lining every single wall, some even stacked ontop of each other, which he did not notice till now.
"Mister G... you're a-- you're a... genius!" Damian shouted.
Mister G chuckled. "Oh no, oh no. I just have a lot of time on my hands, that's all."
Damian looked at the man, who gave a wrinkly smile. Damin shook his head.
"Well most old men... just get drunk or sit on their porches all day," Damin said. "No offense, Mister--"
"Well of course I do that too, boy!" 
"Well then you're definitely a genius. But-- with all these inventions--" Damin strut around. He peered down at an ever-so complex looking device with lots of pedals that connected to levers, which was covered with paper at the top. "Why do you only sell nails, and-- no offense, plain ol' tools?"
Mister G chuckled. "Oh... this is all just a madman's playhouse. Those tools you sell-- they're good for people, useful." His voice trailed off a bit.
"Yeah and these are--," Damin scrunched his eyes as he moved onto a strange box with weird symbols on it and more gears within then he could count.
"If I sold it to people, I'd lose money with the amount of print that would have to along to tell them how to use it," Mister G said. "And... on the off chance people did find an interest... well I'm not prepared to handle Herald thiefs trying to get in here."
Damian clenched his throat.
"That light confuses the Light Heralds though, in case any of them try to get a peek in here, and tell their friends." Mister G said. "Makes it look like one big empty room."
Damin squirmed as he kept looking around at all the items. Even if there was a safe in here, he'd have more trouble figuring out what it looked like.
Damin turned to Mister G.
"Okay, but surely, even if it's just one thing, you should be able to sell something better than we sell right now!" Damin said.
"I'm not a salesman, Damin. That's why I have good lads like you work the shop," Mister G smiled.
"These new items will sell themselves. Here, this one. Even I can tell-- it heats up things." Damin zoned in on a small steel-box looking device which had some black liquid inside that was steaming. "And it looks pretty simple to use to. Even if you don't want to sell it-- one of this industry guys like Parsmo would pay-- us-- real good."
Mister G shook his head. "It's my contraptions. And I say no. Now please, if you're only interested in selling it, I rather you leave and forget about this."
Damin clenched his lips. "No, it's your stuff. I'm sorry."


"Oh no. If I sleep in here... well I can't," Mister G laughed. "Too much... thinking going on here to get a good night's rest. My room's upstairs."

Damin pressed his eyes and lips together, than exhaled. "Can I-- can I have a drink, Billy?"
Billy raised his eyebrow, then squinted into a harsh stare. Damin glanced away from Billy's eyes, and his arm twitched.
"You used it, didn't you?" Billy rasped.
Damian just looked even further away.
Billy shook his head. 
"Well, it worked out. I guess I should say thanks. Good work, Damin," Billy said. "And uh... no nightmares, right?"
Damin's body twitched, and then looked down at his feet.
Billy glanced over to the boy, and the two were silent for about ten chilling seconds.
Billy reached over, and handed the boy his rum.

