Billy ruffled the few bills in his hand as he leaned against the algae-infested ships' edge. He stared down at the thick black ink, and the oval-framed outline of a landmass, which he knew to be Marshton. He glanced up over the other side of the ship, past the dock to the dusty hills which he knew to be the real Marshton. His mind slipped through the struggles of years past, much like the ship itself: so near now, but sailing away.
"How much do we have left?" Billy was jolted out of his ruminating by Damin's voice.
"I paid for both there and back. So only about two thousand. Enough for food and clothes once we get there, and a bit of emergency money," Billy took off a small pack on his back.
Damin nodded, though his lips were pulled in his usual anxious purse.
"And what are we going to do when we get back? We can't return to Mister G, after stealing--"
"Don't worry about it," Billy shoved the money into his pack. "We'll find something. We always do."
Damin nodded again, but his lips stayed pursed. Billy glanced out back to the Marshton coast as the ship pulled away, before setting his sight on the unending ocean on his side of the ship as he pulled his pack over his shoulder.


Billy looked up at the underbelly of the grime-stained planks. He stepped back just as a drop of water fell down between them.
"Watch yourself," a low growl rumbled just as Billy felt his back elbow rub against a damp, rug-like surface. He turned and gave an empty glare at a crewman wrapped up in a dark, heavy jacket. The crewman huffed, and Billy turned back to the line of men, a dozen or so deep, in front of a wooden countertop nailed into the ship. At the front of the line, men grabbed plates and were served stew from a massive black, iron pot. Despite his nose having gone blind to save himself from the constant stench of grime, fish, salt, and sweat, saliva still flooded Billy's mouth at even the promise of food. Billy looked down at Damin. When their eyes met, he gave a soft smile, and Damin returned one.
Attention shipmates and guests!" The light chatter of men already seated in the long benches next to Billy stopped and attention focused on a burly man in an apron stained with a flurry of hearty sauce and spice. "I hate to be the lookout that spots a pirate, but we've found rats in a portion of the rations," groans overthrew the man's voice and he raised his arms to silence them. "SO-- we're limiting the portions for these first few nights. I've been 'cross the Sethenin many a time, and it's always the latter legs of the trip where folk get the most cranky."
Billy sighed. Damin looked back up at his brother with those same wide eyes, but this time, all they had to exchange was pursed lips.
Billy handed Damin a bowl before grabbing one himself as they got to the front of the line. He raised his bowl to the crewman who lifted a mushy stew that tasted of fish and thick greens. He gave one scoop to Billy and one to Damin. It was about a third of a meal, much less a day's filling.
Billy led Damin to a bench that was empty besides a few men on the opposite end. The two sat down across from each other.
Just as they sat down, Billy leaned over the table and used his spoon to pour his stew into Damin's.
"Y-you don't have to, Billy. You're bigger than I am."
Billy stayed silent and shoved his food onto Damin's plate.
Billy waited, arms crossed, over his now empty bowl as Damin pecked at his first bite.
"It's not bad," Damin said, as he took another spoonfull.
"Good," Billy smiled. "Stay here. I need to take a leak."
Damin nodded and returned to his meal. Just a few seconds after Billy had left, a massive man outfitted in overalls with greasy, pink skin, like an overgrown mole rat, plopped down on the bench next to Damin. Shaking, Damin stole a glance at the massive man before returning to take another spoonfull.
"Hey, your portion looks awfully large... especially for such a runt," the scarred man said.
"Uh--" Damin's voice froze in his throat.
"Here, why don't ya share a lil?" The man lifted Damin's plate and shoved food onto his own. Damin watched with desperate eyes, but stayed seated.
"That's my food," The massive pink man turned his neck to see Billy standing over the table, in between Damin and himself. "I chose to give it to him. Why the fuck are you taking it?"
The pink man glared at Billy, then gave a rotten smile with a few teeth missing. "Well, he chose to give it to me."
The pink man continued scooping-- but Billy grabbed his plate.
"Let go!" the pink man shouted. Billy's glare narrowed, and he kept his hand on the plate. The man's meaty fist came swinging down just as Billy slowed Time. He swiped his arm out of the way, and the man's fist cracked the wooden table.
The man screamed as Billy released Time to its normal pace. With a huff he stood up. He swung. Time Slow let Billy see it coming, and he ducked and rolled around the man, using the weight of the swing to push him to the ground. The man fell face-first.
The massive man turned onto his back, but by the time he had done so Billy was on top of him with a spoon inches from his eye.
"If you make a move before I tell you, I'll scoop your eye out," Billy said. "Understand?"
The man squirmed.
"Understand!?"
The man nodded like a little boy.
"I'm gonna stand up, and after five seconds, you'll stand up. Then I'll hand you back your bowl, and you'll go sit somewhere else. Got it?" Billy asked.
The man nodded repeatedly.
"Good," Billy kept his eyes glued to the man's hands as he stood up. He grabbed the man's bowl. The man still on the ground, Billy took a spoonfull. It tasted of spinach, potatoes, and white fish.
He turned to a frozen Damin. "You're right, it's not bad," he said. Damin's expression remained unchanged.
Billy turned back to the man. He held out the bowl as the man stood up. The man took the bowl with a shaky hand. Billy's glare did not leave his the entire time.
Billy readied a fist-- he could tell the man was considering a strike back to reclaim his defeated ego.
The man turned, and Billy relaxed after he had taken a few steps away.
Damin stared at Billy with tight lips. "You didn't have--"
"I did," Billy cut him off.
Damin returned to his meal, and didn't say a word till he was finished.


"Billy! Billy!"
A bright light bursted through as the cabin door busted open. Billy hadn't heard this childish excitement from Damin for as long as he could remember.
Billy rubbed his eyes as his kid brother grabbed his shoulders. "What?" he grumbled.
"We're here. Come on!"
Billy let Damin tug on his shoulder like a little boy trying to drag his father out of the room. Finaly, he relented and pushed open the cabin door with a grunt.
Billy shielded his eyes from the blinding glare of the sun as he approached the side of the ship with Damin. The few guests, spun up in delicate dresses and suits, also looked out with awe. Their foresty perfume got through even the stench of the sea.
"It's... it's home," Damin whispered out to the dock which enveloped the pastel town just beyond. Compared to Marshton, or frankly anywhere Billy had been in the past ten years, the Metheno dockside and town square was a piece of candy, so bright, sweet and clean that it made Billy want to tear it open to see the ugly guts and machinery beneath-- it looked too perfect and clean to be truly operational.
Billy's arms trembled. He hadn't thought of this place as home, or any place as home, for a decade. He felt his cheeks warming and his eyes watering, but he clenched his jaw and swallowed.
Damin pointed. "This is the dock we left! This is--"
"Quiet!" Billy threw his hand over Damin's mouth. He brought the teen into a huddle. "We don't know if anyone we know is still here."
Damin's wide eyes relaxed, and he nodded.
Billy released his hand from Damin's mouth. The boy panted as the two turned back to the dock. "I just-- I didn't think I would remember anything. I couldn't picture this place when I tried to remember it before... and now it's all coming back."
Billy looked out to the dock. He clenched his jaw and tightened his fist to stop the shaking before closing his eyes.
"Yeah. It is."
Memories flooded his mind. Dimpled children in a forest. Open smiles. Running. The animalistic sounds of joy. Middle-aged craftsmen turning from weary focus to a sentimental smile. Reverent gatherings in the center of town. A bald infant being held with closed eyes. SCREAMS.
"Attention, guests and crew!" Billy's eyes snapped open. The ship had pulled into the dock, and all eyes pulled to a tall man dressed in a loose black wool shirt, the first mate. "We have arrived. Tell all near to you. Get your things, the crew will not assist you unless you are travelling alone, you are to depart!""
The primmed guests let out laughters of awe at the town. Billy's eyes narrowed at them, those pretentiously polite peacocks who saw none of the real flaws or goods of this town, but looked upon it like a doll house for their amusement. Over the three weeks as he had heard those same conceited laughs, knowing that they enjoyed exported delicacies while the rest of the ship rationed out the fish stews, he had to resist the temptation to march up to the upper deck and give them the taste of dusty, furious reality he was so used to.
Luckily his mind was focused on something greater. In a way, though not as superficial as theirs, he was excited, though he was careful to hide it. He looked down at his brother, who just seemed more shocked than anything.
The boat pulled in and knocked against the dock. Billy grabbed Damin's by the shoulders and helped him up the dock and he himself got up.
Billy turned at the clicking of boots against the dock.
"Halt!" A well-built man in a studded leather breastplate on the dock raised a hand towards Billy.
"We must do a check-in of your ship, its contents, and its passengers before anyone disembarks."
Billy just raised an arm over Damin's chest and took a step back, but did not move. The first mate sighed and stepped up to the dock, and the two men whispered for a few seconds. Billy eyed them the entire time, knees readied like a cat waiting to pounce at any time.
"And when can we expect their departure?" the armored man asked.
"A sister ship in our company will arrive in a two weeks time, which will return them home," the first mate said.
The armor man nodded. He turned to Billy and Damin, gave them a quick look over, and then turned to the crowd of a few dozen passengers which had gathered on the main hull of the ship.
"Welcome to Metheno. I am Devinar Vakas, port marshall. There are two businesses which accommadate guests, a more expensive accommadation on the north side of town, on Revictus street and a cheaper one on the east side, on Nexon street. I can arrange guides to bring you to each. No matter which you choose, you will be expected to report to your rooms every night. Guests are allowed in Metheno, but you must submit to the Kuarko and show no dishonor to our gods, or you will be removed."
Billy's nails dug into Damin's arm at the mention of the Kuarko. The boy whimpered, and Billy loosened his grip.
"If you are unaware of our customs, we will be happy to show you," the armored man continued. "But we will not warn you twice. Understood?"
The crowd nodded in unison to the Devinar.
"I can't speak for the rest, but my wife and I are *splendidly* acute to your customs," a suited man with a thin mustache said. "We studied--"
"Silence," the Devinar raised a gauntlet, and the suited man's smirk turned to a shocked purse. "It is customary that all refer to clergymen with their titles. I am Devinar Vakas, if your memory has aleady failed you," the armored Devinar said without the expected sass.
"Though the Versalist Kuarko has not seen it urgent to spread the truth to Apathasaw, and Apathasaw has rejected the truth repeatedly, we are still told to spread it. Thus, if any of you wish to join the Kuarko, come to the chapel. We will arrange something," the Devinar continued.
The crowd on the hull fidgeted like bored schoolchildren, but Billy was especially antsy being overlooked by the Devinar so long, and especially his being commanded by one.
"One last thing," the Devinar spoke. "If you go out at night, bring a lantern. Anyone out at night without a lantern will be treated as a hostile Dark Herald by the Devinars."
Damin shook, but Billy squeezed his shoulder to stop any motion. The Devinar turned to Billy. After a few seconds, Billy gave a cheesy smile, but the Devinar remained stoic.
"Come now," the Devinar said. "Let us exchange your money, and get you settled."


Billy felt the dew on his hands, neck, face, and ankles-- every part that wasn't covered by his new-- well, new for him-- coarse wool tunic and thin loincloth. They were customary for Wreathwardian commoners, rather than the durable leather he sported in Apathasaw. It was shabbily cut, not that Billy cared, though the colder weather then what they were used to did make Damin shiver. Damin's feet crunched against the pebbles on the dusty path, he floundered forward; it looked as though he could collapse at any step.
Billy turned to him with a scowl. Billy had a pack full of clothes and money, and Damin had nothing-- and the boy was still struggling just to walk. There was just a little sting that maybe it was Billy's fault for sheltering the boy all these years, but Billy quickly shut that down-- no poor orphan kid was ready for the struggle and chaos of life alone in Apathasaw, let alone Damin.
"Come on. We've been waiting for this for *years*. You're walking like a criminal about to be hung," Billy's throat shook with passion.
Damin stopped and looked up to Billy with wide but dead eyes. He just gave a nod, and then continued tumbling on, just a bit faster.
Billy exhaled and blasted off into a jog. He turned his neck, Damin panted on, but the gap between him and Billy widened.
"Come on!" Billy shouted.
His voice quited between pants. "We have to look for dad."


Billy groaned as he tredged up the grassy hill. It was just the last few steps, and he had slowed down to let Damin catch up. The boy's chest pumped up like a panicked dog's.
Billy grabbed his brother's arm as they got to the last few steps. They gave each other a brotherly nod as they got to the top of the hill. The sun basked down on Billy's skin, and he gave a big yellow smile. He put his hands on his hips and peered out over the valley below-- and the rows of graves that filled it.  His smile disappeared into a solemn purse of the lips, and he met Damin's irresolute stare.
Billy glanced back to the valley of graves. He blinked to stop his eyes from tearing up. He glanced back to Damin, whose childish eyes pierced his soul in the way only a child could. Billy marched down the hill to avoid his brother's gaze.


"I--I don't know. Maybe-- just maybe it's not--"
"C'mon. It's-- FUCK!" Billy shouted and kicked up dirt onto a nearby grave. He looked out over the rows and rows of graves they had already checked.
"We came all this way-- I'm gonna keep lookin, I'm gonna keep lookin. Maybe we missed it." Billy's throat shook with resolution as his eyes dashed from one grave to the next. His ankles shook in his dirt-filled shoes as he ran from grave to grave, and he ignored his aching legs' plea for rest and food.
Damin perked up behind Billy. "It's-- I already checked that side, Billy. We didn't miss it. It's--"
"Damin-- please--" Billy's hand shook as he turned around to the boy, who shivered.
"He was a criminal in their eyes, Billy," the boy's voice barely escaped his lips. "They didn't bury him."
Billy's bony hand and manic eyes shook at Damin, like an insane magician cursing a man. In an instant, the zealous energy left his face, and he collapsed onto the dirt.
Damin rushed to his aid, but Billy turned as if the boy wasn't there, to the nearest grave, marked Yorval Arektre. His tunic smattered with dirt, he shook his fist at the grave.
"Dad, wherever you are... you'll see it through my eyes. You'll rest-- knowing that they paid with their lives... they'll pay for taking yours... for stealing ours," Billy's fist smothered the dirt. He pounded his fist, as though his father was trapped behind a wall of dirt.
Damin opened his mouth, but he pursed his lips in reconsideration before anything could come out. Billy hurried to his feet like a dirty dog. The boy trembled with wide eyes as Billy grabbed his shoulder and pushed him forward, back towards the city which they had left.


Billy pushed Damin against the white wood walls which glowed like a star in the center of the city.  Billy talked down with a pointed finger at the boy.
"Don't move a muscle. If there's a problem, you know what to do--," Damin said with Billy in unison, "stall, scream, scram." Billy nodded and gave the boy a pat on the shoulder before turning into the building. Inlaid on the doors shone a diamond, its corners pinned by four crystals, one green, one an ocean blue, one red, and one a piece of the sun.
Billy's nose squirmed at the unusually natural odor-- the nectar of a garden, as well as the strong musk of the forest. The scent brought back memories-- his mind already begun to picture the interior just as he entered.
And his sight confirmed it. At the back of the church, there were four massive altars, two on either side, each with a stained glass pattern depicting a symbol of the Four. The two ones on the right explained the scent: sunlight shimmered down from the stained glass symbol of three blue diamonds meeting at a centre vertex, giving light to a tower of unbound books, a bed of trinkets of wildlife: horns, seeds, plants, hoofs,  and a spot obviously left open-- a crude dedication to the values of Olitheon, Wisdom, Exploration, and Humility. In front of it was a much more sightly view, cast in the green tint from the stained glass pattern of three greenshapes which curled after each other like the ends of a hoe, illluminating an ordinance of flowers, miniature stone sculptures of humans and animals, and a large hide and tusks-- Nexon's values of Peace, Creativity, and Bravery.
On the left was Intillia, three red circles cast over an altar filled with coins, tools, and bushels of wheat: symbols of her Generosity, Discipline, and Loyalty.
And the front left was Aredal, three golden triangles with a simple white diamond in the middle, shining down on an altar lain with swords, and a large, bound tome-- the symbols of Justice and Truth. In the centre of it all was merely a small bowl-- Billy assummed it somehow must've been a symbol of the last value of Aredal-- Sacrifice. His fist clenched at the sight of Aredals' symbol.
His steely glare set fire to the entire building, until freezing upon a bald young man shuffling out from a backdoor. The man's robes, which bore the symbols of all of the Four, gave himself away as an Ather.
"May I help you?" The man said as Billy marched toward him.
"I'm a traveller, from Apathasaw," Billy said. "My father brought me here when I was just a boy--"
The Ather raised his hand for Billy to stop. Billy hardened, before the Ather gestured to two chairs in front of the space where the altars were. Billy took a seat after the Ather.
"My father brought me here as a child, and I met two men I'd never forget. I came all this way to see them... I'd thought they'd be here, honestly."
"And who might these two be?" the Ather asked.
"Ather Aldwin," Billy said. "And um, Infantis Okin. Though I'm sure he's a Rothar now."
The Ather's eyes lit up in recognition. "I guess we don't expect things to move so much when we're not looking," the Ather chuckled. "Okin is an Ather now, and Aldwin-- our Impalias."
Billy's eyes widened. "W-what?" His eyes moved back and forth. "So then he's--"
"In the Citadel, yes," the Ather replied, and gave a wry smile. "I hope you packed enough for another long leg of your journey."
Billy's polite facade dissappeared into concern.
"And I don't even know if you could catch Okin... he was sent to lead soldiers on the Farsunni front. If this meeting is as important as it sounds, I pray that the Discipline of Intillia is ignited in your heart," the Ather gave Billy a pat on the shoulder; Billy flinched before easing into the brotherly gesture. Billy stared into the Ather's eyes, his face frozen in contemplation.
"Well... do you know exactly where Ather Okin is stationed?" he asked.
"Oh, no, I'm afraid not, at least not to a level of Truth which Aredal would accept," the Ather said. "But from what I heard he was stationed along the Southern Front, in *."
"And is he set to return anytime soon?"
The Ather shook his head. "Not unless the Farsunni surrendered tomorrow."
Billy nodded. "Thank you for your Honesty, Ather," he gave a fake smile, and his heart flailed against him within.
"Of course", The Ather smiled back.
