"Wait here", Billy stopped Damin from advancing as he marched towards a coachman and his carriage on the top of the hill.
"What can I do--"
"We need to get to The Citadel," Billy interrupted the coachman.
The coachman raised his chin, accentuating his pencil mustache. "I wasn't planning on going that far... but depending on the compensation I could be obliged."
Billy glowered, but reached into his pocket and showed a handful of golden and silver coins.
"That fine?"
The coachman frowned.
"Oh, c'mon. Don't act like you don't need this," Billy said.
The coachman looked back and forth-- but his train of thought was interrupted by a feminine chuckle.
Billy snapped around to be confronted by a man in an impractical doublet with a mane of fur that was mirrored around his wrists, and a woman in an even more inflexible, wide-waisted gown. Their colorful presence fought against the dreary surroundings and Billy's dirtied form, and they shot through to the coachman with an energetic hop, and their brightness flowed through to the coachman's face.
"How might I be of service?" the coachman asked.
"Two tickets to *, good sir," the man said.
"Hey!" Billy barged through, raising his arms to push back the well-dressed man. "We were being served here!"
The woman gave an unbelievable scoff, and the man shook his head. "The coachman asked how he might be of service to our party, did you not, good sir?"
The coachman's nervous glance darted between Billy's hard stare and the proper man, until landing on the proper man's smile and reassuring nod.
"T-that is right," he finally said.
The couple then stepped between Billy and the coachmen, the woman squinting and raising her chin at him. Billy had to dig his fingernails into his palms to crush his desire to pummel the two the ground.
"That'll be fourteen steltells," the coachman's eyes twinkled.
The man counted out several coins from a pouch into a gloved hand, and handed it to the coachman, who gave a curt bow.
The driver stepped up onto the front seat of the wagon with a manic energy in an attempt to rush past the steely wall that was Billy. The man gave a performative motion for the woman to get into the wagon before him, and with the man's help the woman lifted her massive dress to squeeze into the back seat of the wagon.
The man turned around to face Billy, who still just stood there in anger.
"Well, there'll always be another wagon."
With a whip of the reins, they were off. Billy kicked a plume of dirt towards the back, but it went unnoticed.
Billy grit his teeth and reached into his bag. He pulled out the sixshot, and the bag which held its bullets, just as the wagon rolled down the hill and onto the next.
"Billy-- don't," Damin rested a thin, pale hand over the sixshot.
Billy turned to Damin, glanced at the wagon in the distance, and then looked back to the gun. With a sigh, he put the contents back into his bag.
"So much you did," Billy pushed Damin back. The boy caught himself by doubling over, pressing both hands against the dirt.


"It's better this way, anyway," Billy shouted over the rhythym of pounding hooves and heavy breaths.
"Don't have to have small talk with some shaky little wagon driver, or fear that you say something stupid that gets us under heat."
Atop the horse, Damin looked like a kid who had just lost a sport. "We didn't have to--"
"Speak up!"
"We didn't have to steal them! You still had money!" Damin shouted.
"I wasn't gonna have another prick turn down what we had. And plus, it was in the middle of the night. He'll just think an animal broke in and they got loose!" Billy said.
"That doesn't make it right!" Damin shouted back.
"Right?!" Billy pulled his horse to a stop. Damin circled his horse around so that his saddle-side faced Billy. "We've been so far wronged, that this isn't even one drop in the bucket of the right we're owed!"
"That's not how right and wrong works," Damin shook his head. "There's right, and there's wrong, and us being wronged before doesn't make wrong things right."
Billy stared at Damin in disbelief. "Are you my brother? Have you lived life alongside me? Were you nearly *killed* for who you were, as an innocent child? Was your father *murdered* because he protected *you*, as an innocent child?!"
Damin's head lowered. Billy spit at the ground in front of Damin's horse.
"The only *right* is us stabbing back at this ugly, ugly, world."
Billy started his horse into a prance, passing Damin.
"What happened to us *was* ugly, but that doesn't mean this world isn't filled with beauty," Damin looked around at the fields of verdant green that went on forever, sprinkled with colorful flora.
"In fact, I hope one day we can see more of it."
Billy turned back to Damin with a harsh glare.
"We're getting out of here as soon as I've done what's needed to be done," Billy said.
"And how's that going to happen?" Damin's eyes grew serious. "What even is your plan, Billy? Do you even know how to find them? Do you even know how to get out, and get us back to Apathasaw, after all this is over?"
Billy's eyes, dead with determination, stared at nothingness. "I'll find a way, just like I always do. After I've delivered what's been coming for so long."
With a whip of the reins, Billy dashed off. His chest collapsing in defeat, Damin followed.


"Stay close, now," Billy said as the neck of the crowd of riders and wagons shortened and widened along the road. The mass of riders, which created an ambience of neighing and chatter, were all under total shade.
"Wow," Damin stared upwards at what appeared like a border of the world. Slabs of stone, each double the height of men, towered upwards, creating a horizon of the sky: a wall that hid the sun.
Billy bit his lip. Of course, the usual fire burned inside him at Damin giving such awe to the *monument* of the institution that ruined their lives, but he knew that Damin already knew everything Billy had to say on the matter.
"You think if the full force of the Delmian Empire at its height tried to invade The Citadel, they could?" Damin turned to his brother. Billy ignored him.
"What about Farsun? Like if an army of Black Knights was just dropped here?" Damin continued.
"If that ever happened-- which it won't-- well, it depends on the time of day, of course," Billy said.
Damin smiled. "So you think at the apex of night, the Black Knights could break through?"
Billy shrugged. "They'd basically be invisible... and they could project a whole army where they weren't, while it looked like there was nothing where they were. If they had enough cannons behind them, or other Heralds, to break through--"
"Heralds? But aren't the walls lined with heraldshell?"
"You really believe that shit?" Billy smirked. "There's no way they had enough heraldshell to line the entire wall. That would just be wasteful. You read too many books."
Damin shrugged. "Guess we'll just have to be here when there's a siege to find out."
Billy smiled as the line moved up. They approached an open gate, about ten men high, made of two halves of totally solid steel. The bustling noise of The Citadel now drowned out their conversation.
"Name and purpose, please!" A man covered in steel plate shouted. He held a visored helmet underneath one arm, and next to him was a man with identical armor and the helmet on, and two identical to him on the other side of the gate. The only difference in the armor was that of thin carvings which had been burnt onto their chestplates-- partially completed sigils of the Four, showing achievements in the Virtues of each man's respective God, and ommiting those not mastered. Billy's arms tingled-- these were Devinars, the muscle and steel of The Citadel.
"We're travellers from Apathasaw. We're here to behold this wonder... and maybe do a bit of trading," Billy shouted down from his horse.
"Seemed to be packed rather light for traders. What do you got in there?" The unmasked Rothar motioned with his chin to Billy's bag.
"Antiques," Billy stared, unflinched.
"Let me see," the man reached for Billy's bag. Billy's grip tightened around it, and he glanced to the nearby masked Rothar, who's shielded face bore down on Billy, hand on the hilt of his sword.
Damin grabbed his thumbs. With a shaky hand, Billy held out the bag to the Rothar. The Rothar snatched it and peeked inside. The Rothar peered down, for what seemed like ages, right at the body of the sixshot. Billy's hands sweated around the reins, and he glanced back and forth between the armored men, their expressions hidden.
"Never seen anything like that before. Guess Apathasaw really is a different land from here, huh," the Rothar handed the bag back to Billy, before nodding to his masked accomplice. "Well, enjoy The Citadel."
Billy closed the bag. He and Damin breathed a sigh of relief as they crossed under the massive wall, which itself felt like the inside of a cave. But on the other side, the shimmering light and sounds of the city promised a whole new world, and even Billy felt a tingle inside his heart, the promise of utopia.
The Citadel was undoubtedly alive, and as such always growing, yet simultaneously every building felt like it had always been there; almost everything was made of stone, limestone that shimmered in the sun, or marble, which gave it all a statuesque look that sat upon eternity, fit with carved faces atop buildings which stood as watchers over the fragile men below. The roads were made of brick, without a bump, and thus, what was wood or any softer material was only the carriages, and thus it felt as though the bustling mass moved about an immutable city. Stone spires reached up far past what would be the tallest buildings in most other capitals, yet they were still dwarfed against the backdrop of the Citadel walls, which one could often notice if they focused through and far enough.
Even from the perimeter where they had just entered, one could also intuit the circular shape of The Citadel-- there were outer roads which curved perfectly around, as did the walls, which, along with the buildings, gave the place an obvious symmetry. And in the center, down the main road they had just entered, a guiding star shone, though it was day-- Billy shielded his eyes, though he did a double take-- it was not the sun, it was too white, and too narrow in its glare. What it was, he did not know, but it was perfectly in the center of the Citadel, what appeared to be miles down the main road, atop the tallest building in the entire Citadel, reaching over two-thirds the height of the walls, though it was obscured by the glowing light.
Billy and Damin continued towards it. It was high up enough that though brutally bright, much like the sun, it could be ignored if one kept there eyes at normal level.
Billy's eyes darted around the crowd, and he locked in as he found an Ather, clad in the quadruple-colored robes. Billy jumped off his horse and grabbed it by the lead, and cut through a crowd of passerbys to the man.
"Excuse me, Ather! I'm a newcomer here-- do you know where Ath- Impalias Aldwin might be this morning?"
"If not in the Kuarko, he'll be at the Grand Temple of Aredal," the Ather replied, unimpressed.
"And where might that be?"
The Ather pointed down the main road. "Follow the Light."
Billy gave a curt nod, before finding a clear enough spot to mount his horse.
"Looks like destiny has made things easy for us. Following the light down one road," Billy said to Damin dryly.
"I thought you didn't believe in destiny, Billy," Damin said.
"I might after today," Billy replied as his horse trotted on.
As they got closer to the center of the Citadel, and the Light got higher, the massive building which upheld it became more clear-- it was not only a massive building, carved with detailed spiral patterns which made the eye flow upwards like a staircase, but atop it was an equally massive statue, which in its hands upheld the shimmering Light. A muscled, yet youthful man with a cape that coalesced into a mane of fur around his neck presented the Light to the world, a legendary figure of white marble that upheld glory to the entire city-- but Billy knew he was no man, but rather the God of Light, Aredal. He could now tell that there were two similar statues on either side of Aredal, though the faced in opposite directions to each other, and though he could not see it, he knew that behind Aredal another statue of equal measure faced the opposite direction. Aredal, Olitheon, Nexon, and Intillia-- the Four.
Though Billy just looked upon the statues much as a wild animal would look upon any human work of art, not with awe, but indifference, Damin was truly blinded by the Light. As he saw his brother's unfiltered reaction, Billy poured over the intricate embeddings and embossings of the monument. It *was* breathtaking, even an animal could realize that. A little nag pierced his thoughts about how special this must be for Damin, and really, should be for him-- after years and years of crappy, dusty towns, to take in a city which could have been built by titans.
But a feast of shouts snapped Billy out of wonder. He and Damin turned to see a large crowd gathering in the intersection of the road.
Billy slid off his horse, and Damin followed suit. They tied their horses to a nearby hitch as they moved toward the outskirts of the crowd. The crowd was gathered around a wooden podium, atop which stood several Rothars, as well as one man that looked like an Ather, but his robes were more colorful and ornate, and in the center was a diaroma of the completed symbols of all the Four atop each other.
The robed man's voice boomed with passion. Billy grabbed Damin by the arm and stabbed through the crowd, against the vicious retaliatory elbows.
Billy moved with determination, nearly losing Damin, his eyes not leaving the podium. Squirming, screaming, a thin teenager struggled against the steel arms of a Rothar, as ropes wrapped around his arms and legs.
"Darkness hides in many forms. It corrupts everything-- it takes pleasure in using our greatest goods as its cloak. Deionis is the master of Deception-- he will not come as an ugly miser, but a beautiful woman! A feeble child!"
The teenager was slammed against the stake. He kicked desperately against the cauldron until ropes enveloped him. As he saw this, Billy gritted his teeth. He slowed Time and tried to make out the face of the robed man, but he couldn't. They were still far from the podium, and deep in the crowd. He squinted against the waving arms and jumping bodies, but they still blocked him. He listened closer for the screaming orificer.*
"One bit of Darkness corrupts all in its midst. Even the Gods could not survive alongside Tregale!"
It sounded like him, but shouting that fervent sounded the same from every man. Billy lurched forward, now *charging* through the crowd.
He jumped up, slowing Time as he did so. The world froze, his vision of the podium slowly sharpening, until the robed man's face was front and center--
Though time was frozen, and only Billy's eyes barely moved, his heart exploded. It was *him.* Aldwin.
Billy released Time, scrambled for his bag, grabbed the sixshot--
*WHAM!* He hit the floor. "That's what you get, cutting through like that!"
His vision blurred, Billy palmed around the ground for the sixshot. The crowd erupted in cheers.
Billy found the gun and stood up. As his eyes met the podium, the stake erupted into flames.
Billy stepped back in horror. The sixshot fell from his hands again with the howl of the child.
He didn't slow Time, but it slowed anyway. It felt like his mind left him. The fire danced, yet it was frozen. He was swamped in a sea of elbows and shouts, yet he was alone.
Then reality returned, as did Billy's normal state. His grip. His glare.
He spun around, back and forth, until he caught his terrified brother, hiding behind a tall, jumping man. Billy captured him by the shoulders, and lifted him up off the ground.
"You wanna see the world, Damin? You want to see the fucking world?" The calluses on the back of Billy's clenched palm dug into the supple skin on the back of Damin's neck, forcing his face towards the fire.
"Open your eyes! This is the fucking world!" The crinkles of the consuming fire gave a rhythm to the chorus that was the desperate howls of the child.
Billy raised the hand on Damin to yank the boy's hair backwards, keeping him in place. He nearly bit the boy's ear as he pounced in to whisper.
"This is what the world would do to you. This is what would've happened to you if dad didn't die for us! The only warmth they have to offer you-- is fire."
Damin whimpered, and Billy finally let him go. Damin buried his face in his hands, but the flames danced in Billy's wide eyes.
Billy looked down for the gun, and saw it in between the legs of a jumping man. He slithered to grab it. He reached into his bag, loaded up six shots into the chamber.
Leveled the sight at Aldwin's head. Froze Time. Closed an eye.
Fired.
